
I want to have a seed of this project by this monday when mom will drive me back to hali. Then I'll try to spend most of my time hacking on thing's I can potentially sell. But if I already have the seed, I can grow it while using it.

Goals for self study software:

Task management:
Help direct organisation of study. Make suggestions of tasks.
When I can't concentrate on what to do with myself I read reddit or reread webcomics. I'd rather have a grouping of low thought flashcard / learning games to do.
Also suggested reading or meditations.

Flash-memorization:
Help with the production of sets of flashcards, or other learing tools.
  A tool could;
    - parse csv's or other formats.
    - It could start with a list and ask a user to research and produce the other side of the flashcard.
    - It could ask a user to produce both sides.
  There are probably a lot of sources for knowlege that could be flashcardified. Translation lists and charts are obvious. Articles and books would be nice. "Active reading".
  If multiple users are producing flash-relations. It may or may not be advantageous to use others decks, or to compare the decks created by common lists / sources.
  Flashcards need not have only two sides. Words in other languages obviously have more than one translation. For a flashcard a user could enter any translation, or all translations.
  For more complex subjects flashcards may not work as well.

Auto-creation of decks of required words for books, videos and songs. This would work well if I can find text versions of the media. (should be easy for books.)

  Monitor flashcard progress, and use it for managing flashcard presentation, and for studying the memorization process.
I'd like it to be easy to try out different algorithims for presenting flashcards.
I'd also like it to be easy to modify decks, I need to think of a data dump format that respects changing decks.
I suppose I could say what the question and answer where, and then if the question is removed from the deck it will still show in the log. I doubt it would take up too much space. text is basically free, isn't it?
I think I'll not log the key used for enter, or the keyboard used, For now.

In order to monitor progress on a learning task, an ability to measure the learning is needed.
I want to be able to interopolate fuzzy and less fuzzy measurements.

Visualization tools for seeing where and how time is spent.


Self logging:
Catagorized and uncatagorized natural language text bites, Like the journal I have now, but easier to parse into project based logs vs day to day logs, vs some combonation of the two.
Keep A dream jounal.
Keep track of other repeated tasks. Laundry, brushing teeth, day to day things... Track all the things! (just cause I wanna)

